I want us to learn how to
improve our company communications
with the aim of selling
more.
Usually can fail mainly for two
reasons, either because the
product is not good enough,
that is not something that concerns
us now, or because we are
not able to communicate
it well.
Both reasons have a lot of weight.
First, I want to contextualize
what we are referring to by communication.
Well, you have in mind that
all companies communicate with
customers through very many
supports, through the website,
through all the ads we put
on online channels, offline,
etc., through emails, through
the PDFs that generate
product files, through the
pitch of each of the sellers
whenever they are in contact
with a customer,
etc.
What we have to do is optimize,
improve, give a script, give a
content, a format to all those
communications with the aim
of selling more.
And what we’re going to do is learn
from Donald Miller and Story
Brand, one of the world’s
biggest experts in copyrighting,
communication and creating
interesting stories.
He has sold millions of books, from
the book Story Brand I recommend,
I will leave you the link
and as a consultant helps many
companies to clarify their
messages, it is their main
value, the value proposal,
clarify the message.
Let’s see what are the
two main mistakes that most
companies make.
The first is the content
of communications and I mean the
following, it is that they do
not focus on the important.
Most importantly, you must
always keep in mind and you must
pass on to your customers,
that your product, your brand,
your service, that you are
there to make their lives
better, to solve a problem.
This said so is a speech and you
say good but that how it applies,
well we will see how it applies,
but you have to have absolutely
clear, you have to identify
how you will help them, what
problem you will solve and
this, this message has to be
absolutely behind all the communications
you do.
I tell you because almost all companies
lose focus, forget about this
and start talking about other
things and all you talk about other
things, about the characteristics
of your product, about what you have
achieved, bla bla bla bla bla, what
you are doing is to lose focus
and what you are doing is go to
something that the customer does
not care because the customer
buys you because you help him
with something, point, so is.
This is the first of the mistakes and
we go to the second,
are the ways, that is, that costs
too much effort to understand that
message, it has to be clear,
there has to be nothing of noise,
in many companies what happens
is that it has because that diversity
of products or that have not done
well the exercise we will learn
to do us these days, then in the
end they transmit a lot of
messages and it costs too
much effort to understand it.
As Donald Miller tells us, clarity
in messages, clarification
of your message has a bestial
impact on sales and we could
do a test and we could do it
by picking up the website or brochures
or advertisements of very many
companies and it is a test in
which we have to validate if in
the first five seconds, you open
a website, in the first five seconds
we from our customer perspective
gives us a answer to three questions,
what is what you offer me, that
is, what is what you do, what
you sell, this is not enough
for me to buy you, how it
will help me, is the key and
what is what I have to do to
buy it, if you are able in
five seconds to answer these
three questions that
customers have in mind you
will be much better than
now.
Well we already know what are the
mistakes, as I told you the
main mistakes is not to focus because
we are out of focus, because we have
forgotten that the only important
thing is to transmit to the customer
permanently, that we are here
to solve a problem that you
have or to make your life better
and also not know how to communicate
those messages more or less simple,
a lot of noise, many unconnected
communications, it costs us
too much mental effort, we
burn too many calories
reading what you are transmitting
to me, sure it has been
millions of times.